# Assignment 3
<p>OVERVIEW: This project explores the intersection of artificial intelligence and artistic expression. By diving into the fascinating world of AI training, we'll learn how to use these models to generate unique images and text. We then take these outputs and weave them into a cohesive and meaningful art project. This project is a chance to not only learn a new skill but to also explore the creative potential of AI and discover new ways to communicate and express ourselves through art.</p>
<p></p>PROCESS EXPLANATION: First, I took a collection of photos that I put through a google colab notebook to train it and generate ai images using our own database. We then trained another ai to generate text based off of anothet text. In my case, I used Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoevsky. I created the first draft or excercise in Adobe Premiere Pro which we did not have access on on our personal computers so I restarted and switched over to creating it on the phone with another editing app I was more used to, albeit not as high quality and effective as Adobe Premiere Pro. It has a lot less effects and features.</p>
<p></p>DATA SET: My dataset had a wide variety of images I deemed as "anthropocene". This would include buildings with vines growing on them, wires and antennas travelling into the ground and around trees, plants, pipes, etc. I chose this dataset to try and have a wide variety of items the ai could train from and therefore give me broader and more interesting results which did happen. I had about 65 photos in total that I fed into the ai.</p>
</p>WHY THIS PROCESS, RESULT, AND DATASET: I chose this result because the generated images reminded me of dystopian cities that had seomthing terrible happen. The overgrowth and wires everywhere gave a very surreal feel to the images. The way the buildings don't make sense also threw me in the direction of something supernatural had a hand in this world. That's why, I decided to go to the direction of horror, more specifically, semi-analogue horror which is basically horror but you only get tapes, videos, etc. An example of this is found footage. I chose this dataset because I love the idea of nature reclaiming human made objects or landscapes and both nature and humanity working synonomously with ewach other.</p>
<p></p>REFLECTION: My intentions with this project was to create a narrative and story that was easy to grasp with my limited pictures. I'm trying to provoke a sense of eerieness in my video. My inspiration is analogue horror pieces online.</p>
